Add limitation descriptions (#60)
KIT-TVA/cfmtoolbox: docs/plugins/uvl-export.md

```uvl
constraints
    ((A >= 0) & (A <= 2)) => (B = 1)
```

> Currently, only the bare minimum needed for exporting the internal model is included, if further imports are required, those must be added manually. The following shows the current include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only the bare minimum needed for exporting our internal model is implemented.
If additional UVL "include" statements are required, they must be added manually.
The following shows the currently generated UVL "include" statements:
```
